[oneTBB] Add spec changes for std::invoke feature (#497)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneTBB/source/named_requirements/flow_graph/cpp17_function_node_body.rst

.. SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2019-2023 Intel Corporation
..
.. SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0

=====================
Cpp17FunctionNodeBody
=====================
**[req.cpp17_function_node_body]**

> A type `Body` satisfies `Cpp17FunctionNodeBody` if it meets the following requirements:

Author: ```suggestion
The `Body` type satisfies `Cpp17FunctionNodeBody` if it meets the following requirements:
```

> * The `CopyConstructible` requirements from [copyconstructible] ISO C++ Standard section

Author: ```suggestion
* The `CopyConstructible` requirements from the [copyconstructible] section of the ISO C++ Standard. 
```

> * The `Destructible` requirements from [destructible] ISO C++ Standard section

Author: ```suggestion
* The `Destructible` requirements from the [destructible] section of the ISO C++ Standard. 
```

> * The `Callable` requirements from [func.wrap.func] ISO C++ Standard section for arguments types ``const Input&`` and return the type ``Output``

Author: ```suggestion
* The `Callable` requirements from the [func.wrap.func] section of the ISO C++ Standard  for the ``const Input&`` arguments types and returns the ``Output`` type. 
```

>   where ``Input`` and ``Output`` are corresponding template arguments of the ``function_node``.

Author: ```suggestion
Where ``Input`` and ``Output`` are the corresponding template arguments of the ``function_node``.
```

Considering ``body`` to be an object of type ``Body`` and ``input`` to be an object of type ``const Input&``,

> applying ``std::invoke(body, input)`` performs operation on the value ``input``.

Author: ```suggestion
applying ``std::invoke(body, input)`` performs operation on the ``input`` value.
```

> **_NOTE:_**  It allows to pass pointer-to-function or pointer-to-member of the class ``Input`` as a body of ``function_node``.

Author: ```suggestion
**_NOTE:_** You can pass a pointer-to-function or a pointer-to-member of the ``Input`` class as a body of ``function_node``.
```
